Unity 2018 LTS version updates (#8332)
microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity: Documentation/Contributing/Roadmap.md

The Mixed Reality Toolkit is an all-new product, built to be cross MR/AR/VR/XR platform by design. There are two planned pre-releases after which the Mixed Reality Toolkit will become the primary product.

The Mixed Reality Toolkit will require Unity 2018.4.x

> > When Unity releases an LTS (Long Term Support) product, the Mixed Reality Toolkit will update to the LTS release. MRTK will also support the latest non-beta (ex: 2019.4.8f) tech branch version of Unity, at the time at which MRTK was released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When Unity releases an LTS (Long Term Support) product, the Mixed Reality Toolkit will update to the LTS release. MRTK will also support the latest non-beta (ex: 2020.1) tech branch version of Unity, at the time at which MRTK was released.
```

Reviewer: this is just an example. we want it to demonstrate a non-lts version number
